Add druid_service and host_name labels to Prometheus exporter (#12769)
apache/druid: docs/development/extensions-contrib/prometheus.md

|`druid.emitter.prometheus.port`|The port on which to expose the prometheus HTTPServer. Required if using exporter strategy.|no|none|
|`druid.emitter.prometheus.namespace`|Optional metric namespace. Must match the regex `[a-zA-Z_:][a-zA-Z0-9_:]*`|no|"druid"|
|`druid.emitter.prometheus.dimensionMapPath`|JSON file defining the Prometheus metric type, desired dimensions, help text, and conversionFactor for every Druid metric.|no|Default mapping provided. See below.|
|`druid.emitter.prometheus.addHostAsLabel`|Flag to include the hostname as a prometheus label.|no|false|

> |`druid.emitter.prometheus.addServiceAsLabel`|If `druid.emitter.prometheus.addServiceAsLabel` is true, druid service (e.g. `druid/broker`, `druid/coordinator`, etc) is reported as a tag (e.g. `druid_service:druid/broker`)|no|false|

Reviewer: Nit: similar to `addHostAsLabel`.

```suggestion
|`druid.emitter.prometheus.addServiceAsLabel`|Flag to include the druid service name (e.g. `druid/broker`, `druid/coordinator`, etc.) as a prometheus label.|no|false|
```
